Drop support for Jaro, Jaro-Winkler and Levenshtein distances (#282)
dirty-cat/dirty_cat: CHANGES.rst

    columns (year, month, day, hour, minute, second, ...). It is now the default transformer used
    in the SuperVectorizer for datetime columns.

* Dropped support for Jaro, Jaro-Winkler and Levenshtein distances, in favor of ngram.

>     Therefore, the :class:`SimilarityEncoder` now exclusively takes `ngram` as the `similarity` argument.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Therefore, the `similarity` argument in the :class:`SimilarityEncoder` is depecrated and only the `ngram` is possible.
```
